### ERC777 and ERC1363

Both standards are aiming to solve the following problem with ERC20 tokens: there is no way to notify a token receiver
and/or sender about a transfer or approval event. For this reason, most applications working with ERC20 require two
consequent calls, with approval and an actual call to invoke some action.

#### ERC777

ERC777 standard covers not only the issue described above but addresses another shortcomings of the ERC20 standard. So,
in addition to implementing 'transfer'/'approval' hooks, the standard also puts forth an opinion regarding the decimals
being 18 for all tokens and introduces a notion of a default operator (read as a spender). In addition, there's a way to
attach data for an operator with a transfer, which can be used for different purposes even off-chain.

Default operators are immutable, but can be revoked by a token's holder. This allows removing the need for approval to
interact with some well-known applications or as designed by tokens authors. At the same time, it raises obvious
security considerations.

While the hooks introduced by the contract are useful, they make some contracts susceptible to reentrancy attacks
because of the way they update the state of a token.

So, given the complexity of the standard and the raised security problems, the standard is not recommended.

#### ERC1363

ERC1363 was introduced to notify receivers and spenders of ERC20 tokens about the corresponding events. It's a pretty
concise extension interface over ERC20 compared to ERC777.
